[C#] add dictionaries exercise (#1497)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/dictionaries/.docs/instructions.md

In this exercise you'll be writing code to keep track of international dialling codes via an international dialing code dictionary.

The dictionary uses an integer for its keys (the dialing code) and a string (country name) for its values.

You have 11 tasks which involve dictionaries.

### 1. Create a New Dictionary

```csharp
Dictionaries.GetEmptyDictionary();
// empty dictionary
```

### 2. Create a Pre-populated Dictionary

> Create a dictionary which contains the following 3 dialing codes: "United States of America" which has a code of 1, "Brazil" which has a code of 55 and "India" which has a code of 91:

Reviewer: Could you explicitly mention what method to implement? Something like:

 ```suggestion
There exists a pre-populated dictionary which contains the following 3 dialing codes: "United States of America" which has a code of 1, "Brazil" which has a code of 55 and "India" which has a code of 91. Implement the (static) `Dictionaries.GetExistingDictionary()` method to return the pre-propulated dictionary:
```

This also applies to the other tasks.

```csharp
Dictionaries.GetExistingDictionary();
// 1 => "United States of America", 55 => "Brazil", 91 => "India"
```

### 3. Add a Country to an Empty Dictionary

> Add "United Kingdom" with a dialing code of 44:

Reviewer: Could you phrase this in more general terms, as the function doesn't necessarily add the United Kingdom, that is just an example, right? So more like "Add a country code/country combination to the dictionary" or something similar. This also applies to the other task descriptions in this file.
